# Stellaris-history-builder

## Whats it do?
- Extracts a Stellaris .sav file
- Converts the clausewitz gamestate file to a more easily readable json file
- Iterates over the file to do various things.
Basically, it can digest single or multiple saves, outputting a more human friendly .json file, stamped with date and organised by civ. It can also extract the keys from a save for easier interpretation.


## Overview:
- For save diagnostics: `viewSave.py -h`
- For making a history timeline out of a save: `dateDeltas.py -h`

## Usage:
For using this tool you need to do the following:
- Save a backup of all your save files for a stellaris game (higher frequency is better).
- Point viewSave.py at the folder with your backed up saves.
- Point dateDeltas.py at your timeline.json file generated by viewSave.py.
- Capture the shell output.

Actually saving an entire games worth of saves can be hard, as the game only allows 5 autosaves at a time. Move the saves from the save folder using fswatch (https://github.com/emcrisostomo/fswatch) if you are using macOS. This will watch the directory for changes and copy new files to the target folder. Example of the fswatch command:
`fswatch  ./YOURSAVEFOLDER | xargs -I xxx sh -c "cp 'xxx' ../YOUROTHERSAVEFOLDER"`


## Todo:
- [ ] Implement front end with something like http://visjs.org/showcase/index.html, probably with some timeline scale stuff
- [ ] Add flask to host front end/deliver the data
- [x] Add cross save deltas
- [x] Add a data a export function
- [ ] Figure out why some star systems and planets have the max range number of `4294967295`.
- [x] Include test to see what wars are underway, only better.
- [x] Figure out the paradox way of ordering leaders and ships.
- [x] Add content of trade deals to deal info